    1. What is Semantic HTML?  Clearly defines its content.
    2. What is HTML used for?  HTML is used to create electronic documents for the web.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? Attributes define additional characteristics
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used for the main title of a page and you can use it as much as you want just dont over use it.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes a tag and img tag
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? header
    7. What is an id? its a way to identify specific info and takes priority over class and other identifiers  
    8. What elements can I add an id to? all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? one
    10. What is a class? The class is an attribute which specifies one or more class names for an HTML element.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? all of them 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? as much as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute used for? text alturitive to pictures
    15. How do I reference an id? you use "#" in the css with the id name
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? a div is less specific then a section
    17. What is CSS used for? css is used to style the webpage
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? using the .period and the name of the class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? div nav{} when you want it to be specfic
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? div .sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector? A pseudo-class is a selector that assists in the selection of something that cannot be expressed by a simple selector
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? Line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform:lowercase; text-transform:capitalize;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? border:dotted 1px black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? * astrics 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* comment here /*
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? cd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm but it deletes it off your harddrive and you cant get it back
    34. Why should I use version control? useful for teams
    35. How often should I commit to github? as often as you can
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 1.Fork 2. Add your TL after fork 3.Clone or download 4. use the cd command to go to the directory where you clone 5. use git clone 6.change directory into the newly created repo using the cd 
        7.Use the git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' 8.add and commit changes 9. Push your changes back up to your Github repo 10.Now that the changes are on github you can submit a PR (Pull Request)
        11.Go back to your forked Project repo on github 12. create pull request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?